Seen Lafayette
Ye Linhan, who gave you the courage to come to our Chen family?
Who gave you the qualifications to say no?
Shut up, he's my wife Chen Bufan
As long as I am still the young master of the Chen family
Nothing to you
Hahaha
Take yourself seriously
Is what grandpa just said not clear enough?
Am I the head of the Chen family?
Chen Nai, you look so proud of yourself
On the other hand, my husband Chen Bufan
Gentle appearance
inner determination
He is the perfect choice for the head of the Chen family
You
It's too tender, you country woman know shit
Even if you and Chen Bufan hold a marriage license
Don't even think about stepping into my door to start a family
father
Chen Bufan's marriage is related to helping businesspeople and paying tribute
We can't back down half a step
Extraordinary, did you know?
The first itinerary of the government mission was to attend the wedding of our Chen family
Of course I know.
Graduation under the gun fate Chen Jiali life to hide evil intentions
Even without a soul
I will still destroy
Talking nonsense can lead to death